id: 1
name: Spaghetti Carbonara
taste: Savory
reviews: 4.5
cuisine type: Italian
preparation time: 25

id: 2
name: Chicken Tikka Masala
taste: Spicy
reviews: 4.7
cuisine type: Indian
preparation time: 40 

id: 3
name: Sushi Roll
taste: Umami
reviews: 4.8
cuisine type: Japanese
preparation time: 60 

id: 4
name: Tacos al Pastor
taste: Tangy and Spicy
reviews: 4.6
cuisine type: Mexican
preparation time: 30 

id: 5
name: Pad Thai
taste: Sweet and Savory
reviews: 4.4
cuisine type: Thai
preparation time: 35 

id: 6
name: Chocolate Brownie
taste: Sweet
reviews: 4.9
cuisine type: American
preparation time: 45 

id: 7
name: Ratatouille
taste: Earthy and Sweet
reviews: 4.3
cuisine type: French
preparation time: 50

id: 8
name: Shawarma
taste: Savory and Spicy
reviews: 4.5
cuisine type: Middle Eastern
preparation time: 25 

id: 9
name: Pho
taste: Savory and Aromatic
reviews: 4.6
cuisine type: Vietnamese
preparation time: 60 

id: 10
name: Caesar Salad
taste: Tangy and Creamy
reviews: 4.2
cuisine type: Italian-American
preparation time: 20
id: 11
name: alu vaji
taste: spicy
reviews: 3.6
cuisine type: bengali
preparation time: 25



